[Music]
only two cups a day for one week for a
flat stomach if you surf the internet
you may come across people asking
desperate questions why do I have belly
fat its overall I'm skinny why is my
stomach flat unless I sit down you will
be surprised if you get to know how
common and widespread these problems are
and actually this isn't something to be
taken easily
the thing is belly fat is much more than
just an uncomfortable lump which makes
your jeans stretch uncomfortably
the type of this fat is extremely
harmful it can cause type-2 diabetes
heart disease and several other
extremely unpleasant conditions would
you like to learn how to make sure your
health isn't endangered how to slim down
and get the body of your dreams watch
this video till the end and you will
find all the answers we reveal the
secrets you give us a like any article
will tell you that to lose extra inches
around your waist you need just two
things healthy diet and exercising in
general it's true
eating healthy means having a balanced
diet rich in whole grains unsaturated
fats vegetables and fruits in this case
you have high chances to get and
maintain the desired weight keep your
blood sugar levels low and avoid the
risks of heart disease and cancer
regular moderate exercising in turn can
also help with the loss of extra weight
fight health diseases increase your
energy level and even make your mood
better look at the statistics people who
exercise daily for an hour even if it is
a simple walk in the park are 39 percent
less likely to meet the premature end in
comparison but those who never did any
physical activity
you see these two things are crucial for
the shape of your body and its health
but we would like to tell you about
something else something very simple and
very effective are you aware that there
are drinks that can help you to lose
unnecessary pounds
one of such strings is ginger tea if you
drink one cup in the morning and another
one or two during the day it can help
you to reach the desired result
how can ginger help you in your task
let's see belly fat is accumulated due
to several reasons overeating stress
hormone reduction related to the age
lack of exercise when you eat ginger you
take care of the following problems
ginger can be used as an assistant for
your digestion it reduces appetite
along with regulating blood sugar and
cholesterol take them before a meal it
has a stimulating effect on metabolism
and digestion
what is more it makes you feel full and
the gnawing feeling of hunger won't
disturb you for a longer period of time
if your level of cortisol the hormone
which reacts to the level of stress
you're under is elevated it can lead to
accumulation of belly fat it turns out
that it is very hard to get rid of the
fat that appeared due to this reason
eating ginger will help you to decrease
cortisol levels and regain its balance
if you lack the energy to do regular
exercises ginger will help you out it
has an effect that is similar to that of
caffeine it increases your energy level
so it becomes easier for you to exercise
efficiently other beneficial properties
of ginger include metabolism boosting
ginger is known to speed the metabolism
rate up the faster your metabolism is
the more fat your body burns relief for
sore muscles anti-inflammatory features
of ginger helped to relieve pain in the
muscles after an intensive training
treatment of different forms of nausea
mourning and road sickness in particular
help with osteoarthritis according to
the research among 247 people suffering
from osteoarthritis of the knee patients
drinking extract from ginger felt less
pain and needed less pain medication now
let's move to the reasons why you should
turn drinking ginger tea into an
everyday habit 9 this drink improves the
performance of the stomach it increases
absorption of food fights against
constipation and prevents bloating 8 it
is of great help if a person has
problems with the respiratory system
relieving congestion during the common
cold if you have environmental allergies
drink it as well
[Music]
seven ginger tea improves blood
circulation
therefore cutting down the chances of
cardiovascular diseases six the drink
strengthens your immune system it is
possible thanks to the high antioxidants
levels in ginger five the tea relieves
stress it's calling property lowers
attention due to its strong spicy aroma
and healing qualities for it also helps
the body with the absorption of
nutrients 3 if you drink it regularly
the gastric juice production will
increase and it can't be a bad thing too
ginger tea helps to manage the level of
glucose in your blood one and last but
not least this drink is perfect in case
you want to lose weight how does it
happen
ginger tea facilitates regular movements
of the stomach together with large and
small intestines this way the food you
eat is processed more easily faster and
overall better you can rid your body of
the results of your digestive systems
hard work as soon as possible possible
surprisingly ginger tea raises the
temperature of your body and that by no
means it's a bad thing
in fact it increases your metabolism and
you can burn more fat and once again it
makes you feel full it is considered to
be a great appetite suppressant if you
drink a cup of ginger tea after your
meal it will be less likely prone to go
and grab an unhealthy snack but wait
what if we add some lemon to the drink
oh it makes it even better
you will be able to boast fall a smooth
skin high vitamin content in this
combination ensures this your hair will
become strong and beautiful Clements
combined with ginger have a lot of
vitamin A and C which stimulate the
growth of hair if you are already super
enthusiastic about preparing this magic
drink don't lose time and write down the
recipe and remember to mark the video
with alike what you need to make lemon
ginger tea ginger root you should take
about 1 to 2 inches 2.5 to 5 centimeters
one lemon 1 tablespoon of honey 4 cups
of water as soon as you have all the
ingredients the recipe asks for get down
to the process of brewing the tea take a
tea pot and pour the water inside boil
it for a few minutes and add ginger
remove the skin from the root with a
peeler and chop it in advance put the
lid on the tea pot and let the drink
steep for 10 to 15 minutes after doing
it take the pot away from the stove and
remove the ginger add the juice squeeze
out of the lemon and honey stir the
liquid for a while here you go
your super healthy and weight decreasing
drink is ready you should have a cup of
such a drink in the morning and then
enjoy it after every meal at least 2 or
3 more times a day combine it with the
healthy diet and light exercises and
after 1 week you will notice a visible
result we hope this video has been
helpful for you share it with your
friends and write about your weight loss
experience in the comments below
remember to like the video if it gets
50,000 likes we will tell you about top
10 easy exercises you can do at home to
stay in a great shape
[Music]